#Security Change Summary for M-6-23

##API changes

- Runtime Permissions
  - Updated app permissions enable you to manage the data they share with specific apps with more granularity and precision.
- Android Keystore Changes
  - [`KeyProtection`](http://developer.android.com/reference/android/security/keystore/KeyProtection.html)
    - Specification of how a key or key pair is secured when imported into the Android Keystore system. 
- Android for Work Changes
- Fingerprint support
  - Can unlock device
  - Can auth use for specific keys in `KeyStore`

##Under the hood changes

- Lockscreen verification
  - With Android 6.0, Lockscreen verification now occurs in the Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) for devices that support a TEE (such as the majority of new devices that launched with Android 6.0). This provides brute force protection with exponentially increasing delays on verification of the user’s lockscreen challenge.
- BoringSSL
- APK Validation
- Full disk encryption is now a requirement for all new Marshmallow devices with adequate hardware capabilities and is also extended to allow encryption of data on SD cards.
- New verified boot ensures your phone is healthy from the bootloader all the way up to the operating system.
- Android security patch level enables you to check and make sure your device has the most recent security updates.
- SELinux enhancements
- `KeyStore`
  - Keys which do not require encryption at rest will no longer be deleted when secure lock screen is disabled or reset (for example, by the user or a Device Administrator). Keys which require encryption at rest will be deleted during these events.

##Sources

More info can be found in the below

- [Android 6.0 Changes](http://developer.android.com/about/versions/marshmallow/android-6.0-changes.html#behavior-keystore)
- [2015 security review](https://security.googleblog.com/2016/04/android-security-2015-annual-report.html). Should update from M changelog.

